hey guys this guy can me with um my
little kittens might Google and today
I'm using him hair because I'm at my
camera tests and I'm watching her dog
that she's baby I'm babysitting the dog
that she's babysitting that sounds weird
but yeah my grandma's babysitting this
dog right now because his owner is in
the hospital but um so she's babysitting
him but she went to go visit the person
his owner for a whole day so I get to
watch him today oh you're so cute I just
love it so much like in my videos I'm
always like I'm really like German
Shepherds and Akitas and all those big
pretty breeds and then like I don't
really collect any small dogs but I
never really get anything about small
dogs and I kind of like forget about
small dogs except for like partisan and
Jack Russell terriers and Shiba inus
but um I I really do like all dogs like
a lot like I really like I love him I
don't know I've only known him for like
two days now but I just love him so much
like I don't want him to go I just love
him yeah so I am planning on when I grow
up I am planning on getting a poodle
he's not a food although he's a poodle
mix Bichon Frise like yeah
yeah so I'm trying to take a lot of
pictures of them except he won't really
look at the camera he's kind of camera
shy
yeah I want to put some pictures of him
on my Instagram he is a fat little
chubby guy see I might take screenshots
from videos I already made a video of
walking him outside for a canines are so
cool and then introducing him to the
goats and Sadie for canines are so cool
so please go subscribe decadence are so
cool I'm just so happy that my grandma
said I could watch them today because oh
love you babe what are you here you're
just like focus done something it's our
car here or something yeah this is
Rosalie I think Rosarita yeah his
kibbles are humongous like they're
they're bigger than my dog's kibbles
yeah I should probably refill those
water here you guys can watch me
yeah I just love this mess well actually
might start that really soon
oh you were thirsty after that walk I
just took a really long walk you're
funny why that's gonna be good
yeah so I'm gonna be here like most of
the day I just love him you have a big
patch of dirt right there so um yeah um
so I guess I will see you guys later
sorry this video so long well I don't
know I like long videos I'm sure a lot
of you guys do too so um
okay you guys love seeing slush slush is
just the most cutest boy ever sit it
doesn't seem like he knows tricks oh
good boy good boy
oh maybe you do know sit sit sit sit
no okay yeah so he must not know it
maybe I can train him some tricks while
he's here
I'm gonna go get some training treats
from my house oh I don't know if I'm
supposed to have you up here oh I love
him he's sitting on my webkinz all right
down down boy down good boy okay so um
I'm gonna be watching him today there
might be another video of him but mostly
on canines are so cool I'm gonna have so
many videos of him that on there so yeah
you told you I love you so yeah um I'm
gonna go get training cheeks I'm trying
to train him sit and lay down and stuff
and I was like not my dog I don't know
if I'm supposed to do that but I didn't
want to I want to spend a lot of time
with him
even though I don't know how long he's
here he might be here for a week or more
yeah he pants a lot so yeah um thanks
for watching and please check out
canines are so cool read the description
and bye